# computer-forensics
 Computer Forensics Investigations  Clarity and precision in an inexact world      Data Acquisition     Forensic Examination      Data Analysis     Forensic Reporting      Request Help     Call: 888.521.1551  data breach services video What makes us different Computer Forensic Analysis Done Right  We are specializing in the following computer forensics services:      Deleted Data Recovery     Database Forensics     Internet Artifact Analysis      On-Site Acquisition     Electronic Risk Control     Expert Witness Testimony  Get Help  with just a few clicks Response within 10 minutes Send Request We answer your questions      Did someone backdate an electronic document?     Did an employee e-mail company trade secret documents?     Did a security camera capture footage of an accident?     Was electronic evidence produced in a reasonably usable format?     Did an employer send harassing text messages to an employee?     Did a company spoliate electronic evidence?     Was an e-mail manufactured after the fact?     Was a computer intentionally used to download illegal content?  Contact us for analysis and quote  We offer immediate, 24/7 assistance from our team of digital investigators.      Request Help     Call: 888.521.1551  We are ready to help you  Unlock Your Digital Evidence      Expert Consulting and Best Practices     Cost efficient handling of digital evidence     Quality acquisition of data and processing     Fast turn-around times     Professional forensic reports  What sets us apart  Digital Forensics Corp has proven success working with Fortune 500 companies across industries to handle data breach incidents. Experience across the USA and Canada  With locations across North America, our digital forensics experts are near and ready to help. We are able to work on your case remotely, in-lab and onsite. Contact us or submit a case today to learn more about how we can help you. Leading Experts  The DFC team is comprised of forensic investigators, certified fraud examiners, former law enforcement officials, certified digital forensic examiners , data analysts, and system and network domain experts.
